Sequence.mapByKeyPath (#763)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

  - Added `init(colors:locations:startPoint:endPoint:type:)` convenience initializer. [#726](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/726) by [JayMehta97](https://github.com/JayMehta97).
- **Sequence**:
  - Added `sum(for:)` to sum up an `AdditiveArithmetic` property, referenced by `KeyPath`, of all elements in a sequence. [#736](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/736) by [Moritz Sternemann](https://github.com/moritzsternemann).

>   - Added `map(by:)` to map seqeunce elements by `KeyPath`. [#763](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/763) by [Roman Podymov](https://github.com/RomanPodymov).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `map(by:)` to map the sequence elements by a given key path. [#763](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/763) by [Roman Podymov](https://github.com/RomanPodymov).
```
